# life-dashboard

A dashboard composing multiple small apps. Each instance you run will be stand alone. If you run multiple instances, they will be able to communicate with each other: syncing / other stuff.

The APIs for each app will be defined as OpenAPI spec files first, the CRUD code will be generated from these spec files. See the root ./openapi.yaml file for the whole spec - it references the child apps for their details.

## Structure

 - /public static files for the render process (the "client" side)
 - /src development here

 - **OpenAPI spec** (Built by pulling together the app spec files)
 - CRUD server generated from spec file
 - apps
    - myLibrary
    - myRecipies
    - hikeTracker
    - golftracker
        - **OpenAPI.yaml** containing path specs and object schemas for this app
        - gameSchema - swagger file
        - Game list (All the previously saved games, sorting / filtering)
        - Stat view (Pulls from the game list)
        - Add a Game (Putting in the stuff from a scorecard)
            - Form UI generated by a data schema
        - Play (fill in the scores as you go - show club stats from the driving range?)
        - New Driving Range Session (fill in stuff as you play)
        - DrivingRangeSchema - swagger file
        - Driving Range Stats (^ list of the above)
    - pocketIntegration
    - podcastManager
    - IFTTT
 - dashboard (the UI for holding each app, eg fpr-ui-ee-app)
 - conflictResolution (the shared lib for detecting / resolving conflicts.)
 - sync (to handle making connections)
 - eventLog (for writing events)
 - protocal (the communication standards?)



It'll be a native app with a few parts to work out:
 - Storage (& data API) - possibly generated from a swagger file
 - Data Entry UI (would be awesome if this was generated by the same swagger file)
 - Analytics engine (calling the API will query the data)
 - Analytics UI (possibly using some kind of framework... prometheus?)
 - Syncing: pulling data from other sources and adding to it's own data store
 - Syncing: sending data to other sources (being queried by other sources)
 - Syncing: discovery of other sources


 - swagger-py-codegen (Flask)
 - Connexion (Flask)
 - bottle-swagger (Bottle)
 - fastapi

### The Data SQLite

Keep it chunked as small as possible, and immutable. Any update you make creates a copy with metadata including the instance of the app in which that edit was made. Hopefully keep conflict resolution to chunks no bigger than a sentence / check list item.

## Beginning

1. Generate a CRUD API from a swagger file - bonus points if it includes the DB
2. Package said CRUD API to run natively somewhere - using the electron runtime!?!?!?
3. Set up a UI using react, electron for the desktop, cordova for the mobile apps.

## TODOs

 - automate the release process (starter scripts in ./script)